you betcha the best thank you for being
here are your wonderful people even your
lovely daughter I'm sorry that's your
wife see Wes Henry has a pit pass for
you okay and you cannot be here unless
you had promised me to have a wonderful
day oh it looks awesome I can't believe
all the PPS do a fantastic job okay but
it's extremely scary Joe to the point
where one of the local drugstores
donated me a box of depends so I feel
secure in that
subscribe
you
over here if you
with us we'll do those other numbers
after this automatic thing okay best
cure unit members to come and help me
deal so the eggs after the maintain you
then please i want you to sing Oh
Susanna was written in 1848 by guy named
Stephen Collins foster I don't want
there ok girls grab a ticket these are
Mikes granddaughters good job girls go
take it to you take one thank you very
much young lady it's a blue and white
ticket doesn't matter which one
announced first we hope you're here take
it number 2 86 2546 254 are the last
four numbers do we have a winner winner
trying this is for the mooncake alchemy
tangle area you have that ticket number
read it again Dennis 286 245 everyone
the banjo rats in G for filming this
whole event and will give you details on
how you can have a look at yourself
later on especially if you're backing up
on your own so the second number is 2
8660 eight if you have that into one of
those tickets please come on down
quickly but safely we're gonna get this
lady who ain't 6608 2 8660 and your name
please ma'am on your bank account and
your PIN number snow the little been
where you're from young lady Salmon Arm
great place to live isn't it touch ok
now they're gonna blindfold you I take
your purse
we have two escorts for each one that
compassion so that nobody ends up in a
targeted attack / yes in whatever
clients who touches which one you get
right you guys get back Cooper is your
choice yeah when you're done that I'd
really appreciate help are you guys to
take the money fund dollars per egg with
dignity about him we need you just
explain how the hug of a pegar networks
that both these contestants will be
blindfolded and the first one to touch a
maytag or hug a maytag will go home with
that appliance or any Maytag appliance
with their choice 1 2 3 4 5 don't get
your buns winning
Oh
a half below
we heard gentle boy saying last I wanted
the bridge yes you don't have to take
this you have a choice of any of them
I'm nervous so you have a choice you can
feel special no go anywhere yes we know
you're getting your own my husband
please